it is I profess honesty hello my
students it is I profesor interesting
and yeah hi everybody today we are
learning something very interesting
it's Shh yeah you're interesting and we
start up with my favorite shape of all
this hair yes as you see ace there has
four sides just like this baby professor
ah yes yes
and there also has four points like this
ah okay ah professor uh listen um
there's something I want
yeah if you see four points and four
sides just like there oh this one okay
professor
yeah listen those are not squares whoa
snorts no those are surface hmm chuckles
yeah you see a circles have no points no
sides they are perfectly round just like
the
course no points no sides perfectly
round
satis in circle and squares have four
points and four sides of course I will
success square misses circles this whole
time oh thank you very much leo of
course any time professor boy
but if own circle could be an
overinflated octagon such would makes
him more interesting you come up with a
silliest ideas I still don't get it